related-info-v3 (#197)
w3c/wai-website-theme: _style-guide/grammar.md

## Punctuation

> <s> <!-- For simplicity and consistency, I want us to use em dashes for list items. Then this does not provide information beyond standard grammar. And I'm guessing it's not a common error in WCAG 3 writing? -->

Author: ```suggestion
<s> <!-- I think delete the colon section. For simplicity and consistency, I want us to use em dashes for list items. Then this does not provide information beyond standard grammar. And I'm guessing the mis-use of colon is not a common error in WCAG 3 writing? -->
```

</ul>
</div>

> </s>

Author: ```suggestion
</s> <!-- end delete colon section -->
```

</s>

#### Semicolon

<b>Scenario 1:</b> To show a important relationship, you can join two short independent clauses into one sentence using a semicolon. Both clauses should be grammatically complete sentences.

<div class="inset-text inset-text--related inset-text--condensed" markdown="1">
Example:

W3C maintains a public list of patent disclosures; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent.
</div>

Do not combine clauses using a semicolon if it makes the sentence long or complex. Instead, make them separate sentences &mdash; see [Keeping simple sentences](/style-guide/structure-presentation/#keeping-simple-sententences).

> <b>Scenario 2:</b> To break up complex lists that contain internal commas.

Author: This is common grammar, yes? Then not needed in this style guide, right?
